PACKAGE LIST

The following packages will be installed by the script

Base and utility packages
-------------------------------
apt-transport-https - This package enables the usage of 'deb https://foo distro
main' lines in the /etc/apt/sources.list so that all package managers using the
libapt-pkg library can access metadata and packages available in sources
accessible over https (Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure).

bridge-utils - This package contains utilities for configuring the Linux
Ethernet bridge in Linux. The Linux Ethernet bridge can be used for connecting
multiple Ethernet devices together. The connecting is fully transparent: hosts
connected to one Ethernet device see hosts connected to the other Ethernet
devices directly.

conntrack - conntrack is a userspace command line program targeted at system
administrators. It enables them to view and manage the in-kernel connection
tracking state table.

curl - curl is a command line tool for transferring data with URL syntax,
supporting DICT, FILE, FTP, FTPS, GOPHER, HTTP, HTTPS, IMAP, IMAPS, LDAP,
LDAPS, POP3, POP3S, RTMP, RTSP, SCP, SFTP, SMTP, SMTPS, TELNET and TFTP.

dnsutils - This package delivers various client programs related to DNS that
are derived from the BIND source tree.

ethtool - ethtool can be used to query and change settings such as speed,
auto-negotiation and checksum offload on many network devices, especially
Ethernet devices.

firmware-bnx2x - This package contains the binary firmware for Broadcom
NetXtreme II 10Gb network adapters supported by the bnx2x driver.

iperf3 - Iperf3 is a tool for performing network throughput measurements. It
can test either TCP or UDP throughput.

ipset - IP sets are a framework inside the Linux 2.4.x and 2.6.x kernel which
can be administered by the ipset(8) utility. Depending on the type, currently
an IP set may store IP addresses, (TCP/UDP) port numbers or IP addresses with
MAC addresses in a way which ensures lightning speed when matching an entry
against a set.

mtr - As mtr starts, it investigates the network connection between the host 
mtr runs on and a user-specified destination host. After it determines the
address of each network hop between the machines, it sends a sequence of ICMP
ECHO requests to each one to determine the quality of the link to each machine.
As it does this, it prints running statistics about each machine.

ndisc6 - IPv6 diagnostic tools

net-tools - This package includes the important tools for controlling the
network subsystem of the Linux kernel. This includes arp, ifconfig, netstat,
rarp, nameif and route. Additionally, this package contains utilities relating
to particular network hardware types (plipconfig, slattach, mii-tool) and
advanced aspects of IP configuration (iptunnel, ipmaddr).

nmap - Nmap is a utility for network exploration or security auditing. It
supports ping scanning (determine which hosts are up), many port scanning
techniques, version detection (determine service protocols and application
versions listening behind ports), and TCP/IP fingerprinting (remote host OS or
device identification). Nmap also offers flexible target and port
specification, decoy/stealth scanning, sunRPC scanning, and more.

ppp - The Point-to-Point Protocol provides a standard way to transmit datagrams
over a serial link, as well as a standard way for the machines at either end of
the link to negotiate various optional characteristics of the link.

resolvconf - Resolvconf is a framework for keeping up to date the system's
information about name servers. It sets itself up as the intermediary between
programs that supply this information (such as ifup and ifdown, DHCP clients,
the PPP daemon and local name servers) and programs that use this information
(such as DNS caches and resolver libraries).

sudo - Sudo is a program designed to allow a sysadmin to give limited root
privileges to users and log root activity. The basic philosophy is to give as
few privileges as possible but still allow people to get their work done.

tcpdump - This program allows you to dump the traffic on a network. tcpdump is
able to examine IPv4, ICMPv4, IPv6, ICMPv6, UDP, TCP, SNMP, AFS BGP, RIP, PIM,
DVMRP, IGMP, SMB, OSPF, NFS and many other packet types.

traceroute - The traceroute utility displays the route used by IP packets on
their way to a specified network (or Internet) host. Traceroute displays the IP
number and host name (if possible) of the machines along the route taken by the
packets. Traceroute is used as a network debugging tool. If you're having
network connectivity problems, traceroute will show you where the trouble is
coming from along the route.

vlan - This package contains the user mode programs you need to add and remove
VLAN devices from your ethernet devices

whois - This package provides a commandline client for the WHOIS (RFC 3912)
protocol, which queries online servers for information such as contact details
for domains and IP address assignments. It can intelligently select the
appropriate WHOIS server for most queries.


Hypervisor (ESXi) packages
-------------------------------
open-vm-tools - The Open Virtual Machine Tools (open-vm-tools) project is an
open source implementation of VMware Tools. It is a suite of virtualization
utilities and drivers to improve the functionality, user experience and
administration of VMware virtual machines.


Basic Router Services
-------------------------------
dnsmasq - Dnsmasq is a lightweight, easy to configure, DNS forwarder and DHCP
server. It is designed to provide DNS and optionally, DHCP, to a small network.
It can serve the names of local machines which are not in the global DNS. The
DHCP server integrates with the DNS server and allows machines with
DHCP-allocated addresses to appear in the DNS with names configured either
in each host or in a central configuration file. Dnsmasq supports static
and dynamic DHCP leases and BOOTP/TFTP for network booting of diskless machines.

inadyn - Simple and small DynDNS client written in the C language. With this
package the user can have an Internet name for his host even though he might
not have a name server or a static IP. It works by being a client of a
supposedly open name server and updating the server's records when the need
arise.

miniupnpd - MiniUPnPd is a small daemon which can be installed on a NAT router
to provide UPnP Internet Gateway Device and Port Mapping Protocol services,
enabling clients on the LAN to ask for port redirections. It is compatible with
peer-to-peer software, messaging applications, and games consoles that connect
to online services (including Xbox LIVE and the PlayStation Network).

openvpn - OpenVPN is an application to securely tunnel IP networks over a
single UDP or TCP port. It can be used to access remote sites, make secure
point-to-point connections, enhance wireless security, etc.

unbound - Unbound is a recursive-only caching DNS server which can perform
DNSSEC validation of results. It implements only a minimal amount of
authoritative service to prevent leakage to the root nameservers: forward
lookups for localhost, reverse for 127.0.0.1 and ::1, and NXDOMAIN for zones
served by AS112. Stub and forward zones are supported.

wide-dhcpv6-client - DHCPv6 allows prefix delagation and host configuration
for the IPv6 network protocol. Multiple network interfaces are supported by
this DHCPv6 package.
